Along the silent roads of Suffk, bodies
began to appear. Each one a message no
one can decipher. As the darkness
tightens its grip, whispers of a
faceless killer spread, leaving a
community trapped between fear and the
unknown.
Hear the entire story over on my true
crime channel, Saturn Soul. Link down
below. Now enjoy the stories.
Hola, Joel. My name is Maria, and
although I think I'm a little older than
your usual crowd, I think my story is
just as scary as any other. Back when I
was just 21 years young, I went on a
date with a guy in my home state of
Florida. Since it was our first date, I
felt nervous as hell just sitting across
from this guy I'd met at a friend's
party a week earlier. His name was Rody,
short for Rodrigo, and he seemed really
nice. He had a cute smile. He was kind
of shy, and he worked at a record store
downtown.
This was 1983, and Miami was buzzing,
and I was excited for our first date at
this little Cuban restaurant in Little
Havana. I'd never been there before, but
everyone said the food was amazing, and
it had this cozy vibe with colorful
tiles and old photos on the walls. Rody
picked me up at my apartment, and we
drove to the restaurant in his beatup
Chevy, and I wanted to make a good
impression, but I was already
second-guing everything by the time I
got there.
The air was warm and sticky. It was
typical Miami, and the radio played some
new wave song that I pretended to like.
And I just remember fidgeting with my
bracelet trying to calm my nerves. And
then when we walked into the restaurant,
the smell of roasted pork and fresh
coffee hit me and I started to relax a
little. The place was packed. Families
were laughing and waiters rushing around
and we got a small table near the
window. And I remember thinking how the
street lights outside made everything
just feel alive. We ordered some food
and I was just starting to feel like
maybe this date wouldn't be a disaster.
Rody was telling me about some vinyl
he'd found at work and I was trying to
act interested even though I wasn't big
into music. I sipped my soda and I
glanced out the window every now and
then. The street was busy with cars
cruising by and people walking under the
neon signs and everything felt normal
like any other night in Miami. And then
it happened. I didn't even realize what
was going on at first. There was this
loud pop like firecrackers and the
window next to us shattered. Glass
sprayed everywhere and I froze, my heart
pounding harder than I'd ever felt
before. The pops kept coming fast and
sharp and people started screaming. I
ducked under a table, my hands over my
head, not even thinking, just moving on
instinct. I could feel bits of glass
under my palms. My dress was probably
ruined, but I didn't care. All I could
think was, "Please God, I don't want to
die." And Rody was under the table with
me, and his face, I remember, being pale
as a ghost. I could hear plates
crashing, chairs scraping, and more
screams. The gunfire kept coming, but it
wasn't like in the movies. It was messy,
chaotic, so loud that my ears were
ringing, and I kept waiting for it to
stop, but it felt like forever.
I was shaking. My breath was coming in
these short gasps, and I couldn't stop
picturing someone bursting through the
door to finish us off. I didn't know
what was happening or why it was
happening. All I knew was that I was
terrified.
When the shooting finally stopped, it
was like the world held its breath.
There was this terrible silence at
first, one that was eventually broken by
people crying or shouting in Spanish.
I stayed under the table, too scared to
move.
Rody grabbed my hand and even though it
felt weirdly intimate for our first
date, I let him. But my mind was racing.
Were we safe? Was the shooter gone? Or
was he just waiting for round two?
I kept thinking about my mom, how I
hadn't called her that day, and how I
might never get the chance ever again.
And somehow, I think it was a waiter,
yelled that everything was over and for
everyone to stay calm.
I peeked out from under the table. The
restaurant was a mess. There were tables
flipped over, food spilled everywhere,
glass glittering on the floor like
little razor sharp pieces of confetti.
People were huddled together, some
crying, others checking on each other. I
saw an older woman holding a napkin to
her arm with blood seeping through and
staining the white fabric. But
thankfully, that was the worst injury I
saw. Nobody seemed to be dead. And
although I felt a wave of relief, my
body wouldn't stop shaking. Rody helped
me to my feet and for a few seconds, we
just stood there looking around and not
knowing what to do. The air smelled like
something burning and spilled coffee. My
ears were still ringing. My legs felt
like jelly. I noticed my dress had a
tear at the hem, and for some reason,
that there made me want to cry. It was
such a stupid thing to care about when I
just thought that I was about to die.
But all of it just kind of hit me really
hard. I kept thinking it was supposed to
be a fun night, but somehow it turned
into a nightmare.
Police sirens started wailing outside
and soon there were cops everywhere
asking questions and telling us to stay
put. I heard someone say it was a Cuban
dissident, someone angry about politics
who shot up the place to make a point.
They didn't want to kill anyone. They
just wanted to wreck the restaurant. And
I didn't understand any of it. Why that
place? Why that night? I felt this weird
mix of relief that no one was seriously
hurt, but also an anger that someone
could be so evil as to ruin a normal
night and put people's lives at risk all
for nothing more than politics.
And before we left, me and Rody gave our
statements to the police. I don't even
remember what I said. My mind was foggy,
but once we were done, they told us we
could leave.
Rody offered to drive me and I nodded,
still too shaken to argue and not
wanting to be alone. We didn't talk much
on the way back. The radio was off and
the city felt different, like it had
shown me a side that I didn't want to
see. When we got to my apartment, I just
sat in his car for a minute, not ready
to be alone. He asked me if I was okay,
and I said yeah, even though I clearly
wasn't.
That night, I couldn't sleep. I kept
hearing the sound of the gunfire and the
way the glass exploded. The way my heart
felt like it was going to jump out of my
chest. I kept thinking about how I've
been so worried about my hair or whether
Roddy liked me. And then the world
turned upside down in a second. It made
everything feel so fragile, like
anything could happen at any time. Rody
called the next day to check on me, and
we talked a little about what happened.
We went out again a week later, but it
wasn't the same. The spark was gone,
maybe because we'd shared something so
intense too soon. And I didn't blame
him, but I couldn't shake the feeling
that the date had been doomed from the
start. The restaurant stayed closed for
a while, and I never went back, even
after it reopened. I couldn't imagine
sitting there again, eating like nothing
had happened. And for a long time, I got
nervous in crowded places. Every loud
noise made me jump and I'd see a car
backfire, hear a door slam, and feel
that same panic in my chest. I started
avoiding Little Havana altogether, which
was silly because it wasn't the
neighborhood's fault. I just couldn't
handle the memories. But over time,
things got better. I went on other dates
and laughed and felt normal again.
But obviously, that night stuck with me
like a scar that you forget about until
you catch a glimpse of it. It was the
night that I learned how quickly
everything can change and how you can
plan for a perfect evening and end up
hiding underneath the table, praying
you'll make it out alive.
[Music]
So, I've been a listener for a while and
I love your stories and I think that you
might like to read one of mine which
involves my terrible dating life. His
name was Jay and we'd matched on an app.
He seemed confident, maybe a bit cocky,
but in a charming way. He was a dude
from a rough part of town. Always
posting about his souped-up car and
flashy sneakers on social media. Hood
rich, I guess you could call it. Big
attitude, bigger dreams, but probably
not much in his bank account.
Still, he had a vibe and I was curious.
He suggested we go for a drive, maybe
grab some food somewhere low-key, and it
sounded fun, so I said yes. I've been
looking forward to the date for days. I
got ready that evening, keeping it
simple, jeans, a cute top, some sneakers
in case we ended up walking somewhere,
and Jay pulled up outside my flat in
this really loud and shiny car.
The thing was decked out with tinted
windows, had some low suspension, and a
very bass heavy sound system that
actually rattled the windows before I
even stepped outside. And he leaned out
the driver's side window, kind of
smiling, and I hopped in. And the car
smelled like air freshener and this
leather polish. He was wearing a
tracksuit, all designer and a gold chain
that looked heavier than it needed to
be. I thought he was trying a bit hard,
but I guess I didn't mind. He seemed
excited to show off. And we drove
through the city. Music was blaring, and
I was having a decent time. Jay was
chatty, telling me about his car and how
he'd saved up for the mods and how he'd
been in a few street races. I wasn't
actually sure if he was exaggerating,
but I just kind of nodded along. And the
streets were busy, lights were flashing,
and I was starting to relax and thinking
this might actually be a fun night. and
he asked if I wanted to see what the car
could do, and I just shrugged, thinking
he'd just rev the engine or something,
but that was a big mistake. We pulled
onto a quieter road, and Jay's whole
vibe changed.
His smile got wider and he started
driving faster, way faster. The
speedometer climbed and my stomach
flipped as the car roared. I gripped the
seat, trying to play it cool, but I was
clearly nervous. I didn't say anything
though. I didn't want to seem boring.
And he was weaving through traffic,
cutting corners, and I could feel the
car vibrating underneath me. And I kept
thinking that he'd slowed down, but he
didn't. And then I heard it. Sirens
behind us. At first, I thought it was
just an ambulance, maybe, but Jay's face
got excited. He glanced in the rearview
mirror and swore under his breath. I
turned around and saw these flashing
lights behind us and my heart sank.
Police. Two cars, maybe three, right on
our tail. I asked what was going on, but
Jay didn't answer. He just floored it.
And the car pushed forward, and I was
just pinned in my seat. We were flying
now, way over the speed limit, dodging
other cars like something out of a
movie. My hands were sweaty, and my
chest was feeling tight. I wanted to
scream at him to stop, but my voice was
just stuck like a dream. The sirens were
louder, closer, and I could see the
police cars in the side mirror, and
their lights were blinding me. Jay was
focused, hands gripping the wheel, but I
could tell that he was panicking, too.
The city started to blur past. Street
lights, buildings, everything just
looked like a streak. And I didn't know
where we were anymore.
We hit this long stretch of road and I
thought that maybe we might actually
lose them, but the police didn't stop. I
heard a loud bang and the car swerved
hard. My head slammed against the window
and I remember yelling. Jay shouted
something, but I couldn't make it out
over the noise. I looked back and saw
one of the police cars had rammed us.
The rear of that BMW was crumpled and
the back windshield was cracked.
I realized later it was one of those pit
maneuvers that I'd seen on TV where they
hit your car and try to make it spin
out. And if you asked me, it worked a
little bit too well. The car started to
skid, the tires were screeching, and we
spun across the road before coming to a
stop. I was shaking, my ears were
ringing from the impact. Before I could
process what was happening, there was
another crash and glass exploded
everywhere.
The driver's side window was suddenly
gone, shattered by something heavy,
maybe a baton. I have no idea. I just
remember screaming, covering my face as
those shards started to rain into the
car.
My window was the next to smash and I
felt the air rush in. I looked up and
there were police everywhere surrounding
us. The cars were angled to block us in,
lights flashing so bright that it was
hurting my eyes. and I saw guns, actual
guns, not just like stun guns, pointed
right at me through the broken windows.
My heart was pounding so hard that I
thought it might explode. I froze, hands
up, trying to show that I wasn't a
threat. Jay was yelling, but I couldn't
focus on what it was saying. The police
were shouting, too, telling us to get
out with our hands up. And I was
terrified, but I managed to open the
door and stumble out. The road was cold
under my feet, and I realized that I'd
lost a shoe somewhere in the chaos.
My hands were trembling as I held them
above my head and kept my eyes down, too
scared to even look at the officers.
They grabbed me, not roughly, but
firmly, and pulled me away from the car.
I saw them drag Jay out, pinning him to
the ground. He was still shouting
something about how they had no right,
but they weren't listening. I was led to
the side of the road where an officer
started asking me questions. They wanted
to know my name, what I was doing, if I
knew why Jay ran. And I told them it was
our first date, that I had no idea what
was going on. My voice was shaky and I
felt tears filling up in my eyes, but I
held it together. The police searched
me, checked my bag while I stood there,
shivering and humiliated while cars
slowed down and their passengers were
just staring at us. And the police kept
me there for what felt like forever,
asking the same questions over and over.
And I told them I barely knew Jay, that
I'd literally just met him online. But I
could tell they didn't fully believe me.
They said the car was flagged for
something. It was stolen, maybe, or a
link to a crime. I didn't know, and I
didn't want to know. All I could think
about was how I'd ended up here on the
side of the road surrounded by cops with
guns all because I thought a drive with
a guy might be fun. And eventually they
let me go. They didn't arrest me, thank
God, but they took my details and said
they might call later. Obviously Jay
wasn't so lucky. He got cuffed and
shoved into the back of a police van.
And I didn't stick around to see what
happened next. One of the officers drove
me home, and I sat in the back of the
car staring out the window. When I got
to my place, I locked the door, sank
onto the couch, and just sat there
trying to process everything.
My phone was blowing up with texts and
calls from friends, and they were most
probably wondering how the date went,
but I honestly couldn't bring myself to
answer.
I eventually deleted Jay's number,
unmatched him on the app, and swore that
I'd never go on a date ever again. All I
wanted was a fun night out. And instead,
I got to experience what it was like to
pretty much play Grand Theft Auto in
real life.
[Music]
I'd been excited about my date with
Alexi. He was a handsome Greek boy,
successful and wealthy and everything
that sounded perfect on paper. We met
through a mutual friend who said he was
a great catch. And when he asked me out
to lunch, I thought it could be fun. I
got ready and headed to the fancy
restaurant that he'd picked out. It was
one of those places with white
tablecloths and waiters who kind of
hovered and I felt a little out of my
element, but I was ready to give it a
chance. And the date started off okay.
Alexi showed up in a sleek car wearing a
tailored suit and he had this confident
smile that made me think he was used to
getting his way. We sat down and I
noticed that he didn't even look at the
menu before ordering for both of us.
Now, I thought it was a bit odd, but I
let it slide, figuring that he just
wanted to take charge.
The food came quickly and I tried to
make small talk asking about his work
and his hobbies and he answered in short
clipped sentences like he was too
important to bother with details. It
felt like he was sizing me up instead of
actually listening. And then I noticed
how he treated the waiter.
When the guy brought the wrong wine,
Alexi snapped at him. His voice was
sharp and cold, saying that he shouldn't
have to explain himself to someone who
couldn't do their job right. The waiter
apologized, but Alexi kept going,
calling him incompetent with this low
cutting tone. And I felt my stomach
twist. It wasn't just impatience. It was
cruel. I tried to change the subject,
but Alexi barely acknowledged me, like I
was just there to fill a seat.
He rushed through the meal, checked his
watch every few minutes, and when the
bill came, he tossed his credit card
down without even looking at it. I
offered to split it just to be polite,
but he waved me off saying it was
nothing. By the end of lunch, I knew
that I didn't want to see him again. His
controlling vibe, the way he treated
people, it was a hard pass, but I didn't
say anything. I didn't want to make a
scene, and honestly, I just wanted to
get home. My car was in the shop, so I'd
taken a cab to the restaurant. When
Alexi offered to drive me home, I
hesitated, but it was a long way back
and I didn't have much cash for another
cab. I figured that I could handle a
short ride, smile, and say goodbye
forever.
We got into his car, and at first it
seemed fine. He asked for my address,
and I gave it to him, expecting a quick
trip. But as we drove, I noticed that he
wasn't heading toward my neighborhood.
The city streets turned into quieter
roads and then into winding country
lanes with nothing but fields and trees.
I asked where he was going, trying to
keep my voice calm, but he just sort of
smirked and said he was taking a scenic
route. And at that point, my heart
started pounding.
Now, this was well before cell phones,
so I had no way of calling anyone, no
way to tell anyone where I was. I was
just alone with some guy. And the
further we went, the more uneasy I felt.
The countryside stretched out, empty and
endless. No houses, no gas stations,
just open fields in the occasional barn.
I kept my eyes on the road, trying to
stay calm, but my hands were shaking. I
asked again, more firmly, to take me
home. Alexis's demeanor changed. His
voice got low, and he said he'd figured
me out.
He thought I'd used him for a free
lunch, that I'd played him by letting
him pay and acting like I was interested
when I had no intention of seeing him
again.
He said I'd wasted his time and his gas
money, like I tricked him on purpose. I
tried to explain that I hadn't meant to
mislead him, that I just didn't feel a
connection, but he wasn't listening. And
then he said something that made my
blood run cold. He looked at me. His
eyes were very hard and he said he could
drive me deeper into the middle of
nowhere. He said he could do whatever he
wanted and no one would find me for
days, maybe weeks,
and my whole body seized up. I didn't
know if he was serious or just trying to
scare me. But at that moment, I believed
he could do it. I was trapped in his car
miles from anywhere with no way to get
help. And I felt so small, so helpless.
and I started begging him to take me
home. My voice was shaking, trying to
keep him calm. I told him I was sorry,
that I didn't mean to upset him,
anything to get him to turn the car
around. He didn't say much after that.
He just kept driving, his hands tight on
the wheel while I sat there, my heart
racing, watching the empty fields roll
by.
I kept thinking about how no one knew
where I was, how I'd made a mistake
getting into his car. I thought about my
family, my friends, and how I might not
see them again if this went wrong. It
felt like hours, though it was probably
less, before he finally turned the car
around. He didn't say why, didn't
explain. He just started heading back
toward town, and I didn't dare say
anything to risk changing his mind. When
we finally pulled into my neighborhood,
I felt like I could breathe again, but I
was still shaking. He stopped in front
of my apartment and I reached for the
door handle, desperate to get out.
Before I could, he grabbed my arm,
looked me in the eye, and said that he
could have done anything to me out
there, and no one would have stopped
him. He said I should remember that. And
then he let go, and I stumbled out of
the car, barely able to stand.
I didn't look back as he drove off. I
just ran inside, locked the door, and
sat there trying to process what had
happened. I reported it to the police
the next day. I was scared, but I
couldn't let it go. I told them
everything, how he'd driven me out to
the countryside, what he'd said, and how
he'd made me feel like my life was in
his hands. They brought him in, but
Alexi told a completely different story.
He'd said he'd just driven me home like
I'd asked and that he'd taken a longer
route because he wanted to talk and that
I was overreacting.
He played it off like I was some
dramatic girl making a big deal out of
nothing. The cops listened to both of
us, but there wasn't much evidence, just
my word against his. In the end, they
let him go with a warning. I was
furious, but I wasn't surprised. He was
rich, charming when he wanted to be, and
he knew how to spin a yarn.
the way that he made me feel so
powerless. And I started double-checking
my locks at night, looking over my
shoulder when I walked home. I never saw
Alexia again, and I was grateful for
that. But the whole thing left a mark.
It wasn't just a bad date. It was a
reminder of how quickly things can turn,
how someone can seem perfect on the
outside and still be dangerous.
I learned to trust my gut after that, to
listen when something feels off. And I
never let anyone drive me home again
unless I was absolutely sure that I
could trust them.
[Music]
My name's Camille and I'll be honest, my
dating history was a mess. I've been on
dating apps for a while, swiping through
profiles, hoping to find someone
different. I always seem to end up with
the same kind of guys, though. Mean,
rough, and if I'm being honest,
sometimes violent. A lot of them were
into some pretty edgy stuff, like drug
dealing, or they were MMA fighters with
egos that were bigger than their biceps,
and I was pretty much tired of it at
that point. I wanted something better,
someone who wasn't like that. So, when I
matched with this one guy, we'll just
call him Tom, I actually felt a spark of
hope, and his profile seemed normal. He
had a steady job, liked hiking, and
didn't come off like he was trying to
prove anything. We started chatting, and
he was kind and funny, even. I told
myself this could be a fresh start. We
texted for a couple of weeks, and I
opened up a bit about my past. Not
everything, but enough to let him know
that I'd been with some bad guys and was
trying to move past that phase of my
life. And he didn't judge, which was
nice. He listened, asked questions, and
seemed to get it. And eventually, we
decided to meet up. I suggested a place
on the outer limits of the city, a quiet
little pub that I'd been to once or
twice. It wasn't exactly fancy, but it
was far enough from my usual haunts that
I wouldn't run into anyone I knew. Or so
I thought. I got to the pub and grabbed
a table near the back. Tom showed up
right on time, and he looked just like
he did in his pictures. Average height,
brown hair, very kind eyes, and he
smiled when he saw me, and I relaxed a
little. We ordered some drinks and
started talking, and it was easy, just
like our text messages. We talked about
his job, my love for old music, and
random stuff like favorite places to
eat. and it felt good, like maybe I'd
finally met someone who wasn't
completely toxic. And about an hour in,
Tom excused himself to use the toilet. I
stayed at the table sipping my drink and
feeling pretty hopeful. I was thinking
about how maybe this could work, how
maybe I could leave my old life behind.
But when Tom came back, he seemed a bit
off. Not upset, just sort of distracted.
I asked if everything was okay, but he
brushed it off and said it was nothing.
I didn't push him, though. We just kept
talking, but I could tell that something
had definitely shifted.
He wasn't as relaxed anymore. I wondered
if I'd said something wrong, but I
couldn't think of anything. We finished
our drinks and decided to call it a
night. It was getting late and the pub
was starting to empty out. Tom offered
to drive me home, which I appreciated. I
didn't live too far, but it was nice not
to have to take a bus or call a cab. We
walked out to his car, parked in a dimly
lit lot behind the pub, and the air was
chilly, and I pulled my jacket even
tighter. And that's when I noticed a
group of people hanging around near the
edge of the lot. They looked pretty
rough, skinny, twitchy, like they hadn't
slept in days. I knew that look. I'd
seen it too many times before.
I grabbed Tom's arm and whispered that
we should hurry and he nodded and we
picked up the pace. But before we could
get to his car, the group started moving
towards us. There were four of them,
maybe five. And I recognized one of
them, a guy named Johnny, and he used to
hang around with one of my exes, a
dealer who had been bad news from the
start. I hadn't seen Johnny in years,
but I knew that he was trouble. I didn't
say anything to Tom. I just wanted to
get out of there. They got to us before
we could reach the car, though. One of
them, a tall guy with a shaved head,
started shouting, asking who Tom was and
why he was with me. Tom tried to stay
calm, saying that we were just leaving,
but they weren't having it. They started
circling us, and I saw one of them pull
out a crowbar.
Tom grabbed my hand and pulled me toward
the car, but they weren't letting us go
that easily. The guy with the crowbar
swung at the car, smashing the side
mirror.
Another one kicked the door, leaving a
dent, and I screamed, and Tom yelled at
them to back off, but that just made
them laugh.
Tom unlocked his car finally, and we
jumped in. My hands were shaking as I
fumbled with the seat belt. The group
was still banging on the car, shouting,
but Tom didn't wait. He started the
engine and peeled out of that lot. I
remember the tires screeching.
I looked back and saw them standing
there still yelling something, but
thankfully they didn't follow us. My
heart was racing and I could barely
breathe. I kept saying that I was sorry
over and over like it was my fault. Tom
didn't say much, just kept his eyes on
the road. The drive to my place was
quiet and I felt awful. I knew these
guys were probably connected to my past
and I hated that Tom had gotten caught
up in that. I kept thinking about how
I'd wanted this to be different, how I'd
wanted to leave all of that stuff
behind, but I guess it followed me
anyway. When we got to my flat, I turned
to Tom and apologized again. I told him
I didn't know those guys would be there
and that I hadn't meant for any of this
to happen. He was kind about it, said it
wasn't my fault, but I could tell that
he was shaken, his car was messed up,
and he'd just been through something
very terrifying because of me. And
before I got out of the car, Tom said
he'd like to see me again. And I wanted
to believe him. I wanted to believe that
we could try again, that this was just a
bad night. And I smiled and said that
I'd like that, too. I went inside, still
feeling shaky, but holding on to a tiny
bit of hope. Maybe he meant it. Maybe we
could get past this. But a few days
later, I texted him and he didn't reply.
I waited a couple of more days and tried
again. nothing. I checked the app and he
done unmatched me. I realized that he
must have deleted my number and it hurt,
but I couldn't blame him. That night was
a nightmare and I knew it was because of
me, because of the mess that I've been
trying to escape.
I sat on my couch staring at my phone,
feeling like I'd ruined my chance at
something good. I'd wanted so badly to
change, to find someone who wasn't part
of that world. But it felt like my past
was never going to let me go. I thought
about reaching out again, maybe
explaining more, but I didn't. I figured
he'd made his choice and I had to
respect that. And I felt embarrassed,
ashamed, even if I should have picked a
different place or told him more about
my past upfront. But it was done. All I
could do was try and move forward, keep
trying to leave that old life behind.
And I told myself that I'd be more
careful next time if there was a next
time. I just hoped that one day I'd meet
someone who could see past the mess and
give me a real chance.
[Music]
I'd been looking forward to that date
like a kid looking forward to Christmas.
When he asked me out, I felt a little
flutter in my stomach, and he seemed
like a charming old-fashioned gentleman
with a warm smile and a way of being
that made me feel like he was really
listening and not just waiting for his
turn to speak. So, we'd met through a
mutual friend, and after a few texts
back and forth, he suggested that we
grab dinner and take a walk on the
beach. It sounded perfect, like
something out of a movie.
I spent a while picking out my outfit,
which ended up being a simple sundress.
Nothing too fancy, but nice enough to
feel good about myself. And I was
nervous, but excited, hoping that this
could be a start to something. And the
evening started great. We went to this
little seafood place near the shore. It
was cozy with string lights and the
smell of fried shrimp in the air. And we
talked about everything. Movies, music,
our favorite places to hang out. And he
was easy to talk to. and I felt
comfortable, like I could be myself.
He told stories about growing up, his
old dog, and some of the dumb stuff he
did as a kid. I laughed a lot, and he
seemed to enjoy making me smile.
After dinner, we decided to walk along
the beach. The sun was setting, and it
was kind of painting the sky this orange
and pink, and the waves were calm,
lapping up at the shore. It felt
romantic, like we were in our own little
Disney world.
We walked side by side. Our shoes were
off, sand cool between my toes, and I
was happy, thinking that maybe this was
someone I could really like. We talked
about random things at first, how he
liked surfing, how I'd always wanted to
try it, but then it seemed like the
conversation just sort of shifted. He
started talking about his family, his
parents mostly, and I listened,
interested in learning more about him.
And that's when he said it so casually
like it was no big deal how sometimes
his dad used to hit his mom
and my stomach dropped.
I stopped walking for a second thinking
that I must have heard him wrong but he
kept going saying that it didn't seem to
hurt their relationship and that it was
just how things were sometimes.
Now my heart started racing and not in a
good romantic way. I couldn't believe
what I was hearing. I'd grown up in a
house where my parents never laid a hand
on each other, no matter how mad they
got. So, the idea that a man was hitting
a woman, especially for something as
small as talking back, made me feel
physically sick. And I couldn't stay
quiet. I told him I didn't agree, that
no real man would ever hit a woman just
for speaking her mind. I wasn't trying
to start a fight. I just couldn't let
that slide because it felt wrong to nod
along like it was okay.
I thought he'd maybe explain himself or
say that he didn't mean it like that,
but his face changed and his eyes
narrowed and his jaw tightened. I could
tell he was mad, but I didn't expect
what came next.
Before I knew it, he was yelling about
how I was insulting his dad, how I
didn't know what I was talking about. I
tried to stay calm, to backtrack a
little, but he refused to listen to me.
And then he grabbed my arm so hard that
it hurt and I froze.
My mind was screaming at me to run, but
my legs couldn't move. He gave me a
sharp slap across my face that stung and
made my eyes water.
I stumbled back, shocked, trying to
process what was happening. This guy I'd
been laughing with for an hour ago was
now hitting me. He didn't stop. He
grabbed me again and I felt another
blow, this time to my shoulder from a
closed fist. And pain shot through me
and I started to panic. I tried to push
him away, but he was stronger. And I was
scared, really scared, and all I could
think was that I needed to get away.
I don't know how long it lasted. Maybe
just a few seconds, maybe a whole
minute, but it felt like forever.
My face was throbbing and my arm hurt
where he grabbed me and I was crying and
trying to shield myself when suddenly I
heard shouting not from him but from
other people.
Suddenly there were footsteps in the
sand and a group of strangers appeared
out of nowhere. They were yelling at him
to stop pulling him off of me and I fell
to my knees shaking trying to catch my
breath. There were three or four of
them, I think, and within seconds, they
were between us and keeping us separate.
One of them, a woman, knelt beside me,
asking if I was okay, and I couldn't
answer. I was too shaken up, my mind
racing with what had just happened.
The guy was yelling at the group,
cursing and trying to push past them. I
looked up and saw him struggling, his
face all twisted with anger. I was
terrified he'd come back for me, but the
people held him back, telling him to
leave. Someone mentioned calling the
cops, and that's when he bolted. He ran
down the beach, disappearing into the
dark. And I just sat there, my head in
my hand, trying to make sense of
something I'd never make sense of. The
woman stayed with me, her hand on my
shoulder, telling me that I was safe
now. Another guy was on his phone,
talking to the police and giving them a
description of what had happened. My
face hurt and I could feel a bruise
forming on my arm. And I was
embarrassed, scared, and angry all at
once. And I kept thinking about how fast
everything had changed. One minute we
were having a great date, and the next
he was hitting me. I felt stupid for not
seeing it coming, but for thinking he
was a good guy. The woman helped me
stand, and I realized that I was still
crying. She was kind, telling me it
wasn't my fault and that I didn't do
anything to deserve this. I wanted to
believe her, but a part of me was
blaming myself for saying anything about
his dad. A couple of police officers
showed up a little while later. I was
sitting on a bench near the beach
wrapped in a jacket one of the strangers
had given me. The officer asked me what
happened and I told them everything from
the dinner to the walk to what he said
about his parents. And it was hard to
talk about, especially with my face
still stinging and my hands were still
shaking. They asked for his name, his
number, and anything I knew about him.
And I gave them what I could, but I
didn't know much. We'd literally only
just met. And they'd said they try to
find him, but since he ran off, it might
take some time. And I just remember
nodding and feeling very numb. The woman
who stayed with me offered to drive me
home, and I didn't want to be alone, so
I accepted. And on the way, I felt
betrayed, not just by him, but by my own
judgment. I thought that he was someone
I could trust. And when I got home, I
locked the doors and just sat on my
couch, still sitting in my nice dress,
staring at the wall. My phone was full
of notifications, but I didn't want to
look at it. I didn't want to talk to
anyone. Cuz that night changed me. I
felt less trusting, more guarded, and I
kept thinking about his face and how it
went from warm and kind to that just
cold and angry look so fast.
I had bruises for days, reminders of
what had happened. But more than the
physical pain, it was the shock that
stuck with me. I'd gone on a date hoping
for something good, and instead I ended
up scared and hurt. The police called a
few times after that, but they never
were able to get in contact with this
guy, and I honestly don't know if they
ever will. All I know is that I'll never
forget that night, and I'll never look
at a first date the same way again.
[Music]
I was 22, just out of college, and
working at a little coffee shop
downtown.
He'd come in a few times, always
ordering the same black coffee and
flashing his smile that always made my
stomach jump. He was cute, tall, and had
messy brown hair with this quiet
confidence that really wasn't cocky. And
when he finally asked me out for dinner,
I said yes before I could even finish
the sentence. And that Friday night, I
spent way too long getting ready. Steven
picked me up at my apartment and we went
to this nice little Italian place. It
was perfect. Had dim lights, good pasta,
and conversation that flowed like we'd
known each other forever. And we talked
about music, our favorite movies, and
how we was saving up to travel.
And after dinner, we weren't ready to
call it a night. Steven suggested
hitting a club a few blocks away, and I
was all in. I love dancing, and the idea
of getting loose with him sounded pretty
fun. And the club was packed, the music
was loud, and the lights were flashing
in a way that kind of makes you feel
like you're in a different world. And we
danced for hours, laughing and sipping
on some overpriced drinks. And I was
having the time of my life, feeling free
and maybe even a little reckless in the
best kind of way.
And that's when we came across Dan.
He came right up to us on the dance
floor, very charming and very full of
cocky confidence. He seemed to be older,
maybe in his late 30s, and he had this
sllickedbacked hair and smile that was
probably too perfect. and he introduced
himself as Dan, but everyone called him
Hot Tub Dan. And I didn't think much of
that weird nickname at the time. It
sounded kind of quirky, like something
you'd hear in a college town. And he
told us he was throwing an afterparty at
his place and invited us to come along.
A few other people around us overheard
and got excited. And before I knew it,
there were maybe six or seven of us
piling into Ubers and heading to this
hot tub Dan's house. And I was excited.
The night felt like some kind of
adventure, and I wasn't ready for it to
end. Steven seemed a little hesitant,
but we just brushed it off. I figured he
was just being overly cautious, and I
was having too much fun to really
overthink anything, being young and
naive. Now, we pull up to Hot Tub Dan's
place, and my jaw dropped. It was huge,
a modern two-story house with big
windows and a perfectly manicured lawn.
It looked like something out of a
magazine. And inside it was even more
impressive. Everything was sleek and
expensive looking with a massive living
room and a bar stocked with every kind
of liquor and sliding glass doors that
opened to a backyard with, you guessed
it, a hot tub. And the party kicked off
fast. Someone cranked up the music and
people started pouring some drinks. And
Dan was honestly the perfect host.
Always making sure everyone had a drink
in their hand, always smiling and really
quick with his jokes. I got caught up in
the energy of everything. The hot tub
was obviously a big hit. People were
jumping in, laughing, splashing around.
I didn't get in, but I was honestly just
having a blast dancing and chatting with
other people. Most of them were around
my age, a mix of guys and gals who'd all
ended up at Dan's place after the club.
And everything seemed nice, and the vibe
felt carefree, like we were all just
chasing a good time.
Steven though was acting very
differently. He stayed close to me, but
he wasn't as into it as I was. He wasn't
dancing much and he kept looking around
like he was kind of sizing things up. I
noticed him watching Dan a few times,
but I really didn't think much of it. I
was just too busy with myself, I guess.
And at around 2:00 a.m., I was still
going strong, sipping drinks and
laughing with some of the girls that I
met.
And that's when Steven leaned in and
said we should head out. I was
surprised. It was late, sure, but the
party was still in full swing. I told
him I wanted to stay a little longer,
but he was firm about it. He said he was
tired and didn't feel like sticking
around. I was a little annoyed,
honestly, and thought that he was being
a buzzkill, but he insisted, and I
didn't want to make a big deal out of
everything, so we called a taxi and
left. And the ride home was quiet. I was
still riding the high of the night, but
Steven seemed distracted. He didn't say
much, just kind of looked out the
window. And I figured he was just tired
or maybe not as into partying as I was.
And when we got to my place, he walked
me to my door, gave me a quick hug, and
said he'd text me tomorrow. I went to
bed still buzzing from the night,
thinking about everything and all the
fun that I'd had. It had been such a fun
and wild night, and I was already
looking forward to telling my friends
about it. The next morning, I woke up to
my phone ringing. It was a number I
didn't recognize, and when I answered,
it was the police. And my stomach
dropped. They asked if I'd been at a
house party the night before, and I said
yes, confused. They wanted me to come to
the station to answer some questions,
and I didn't know what was going on, but
I got dressed and went, and my mind was
erasing the whole way there. Had
something happened after we left? Was
someone hurt? I had no idea, but I also
couldn't shake the feeling that
something seriously messed up had
occurred.
At the station, the officers were kind,
but clearly serious.
They sat me down and started asking
about the party. Stuff like, "When did I
get there, who was I with, and what had
I seen."
Then, and only then, did they tell me
why they'd called.
A girl at the party had been, for lack
of a better words, intimately assaulted.
It happened after Steven and I left in
the early hours of the morning. They
didn't give me too many details, but
they said it was bad. Dan, the guy who
owned the house, was the one who did it.
My heart sank as they talked. I thought
about how I'd been at that house in that
hot tub backyard, laughing and dancing
just hours before it happened. The
thought hit me like a punch to the gut,
as it could have been me. They asked if
I'd noticed anything off about Dan,
anything that stood out. I told them
that I hadn't. He seemed charming and
friendly, like the kind of guy who just
loved throwing parties and socializing.
I mentioned how he'd been so welcoming,
always making sure everyone was having a
good time.
The officers exchanged a look and one of
them told me they'd found a lot of
evidence at Dan's house. They didn't go
into further specifics, but they said
he'd recorded things, videos, pictures,
stuff he kept on his computer. It made
me feel sick. The guy I thought was just
a fun host was a predator, and I'd been
in his house completely clueless.
and I left the station feeling shaky.
The whole drive home, I kept thinking
about how close I'd come to something
awful. If I'd stayed longer, if I'd
gotten in that hot tub, if I had one
more drink, any of those things could
have put me in danger. And I felt stupid
for not seeing it, for thinking the
party was just a good time. But more
than that, I kept thinking about Steven.
He'd been so insistent about leaving,
even when I wanted to stay. And at the
time, I'd been annoyed, but now realized
that he'd probably saved me from
something horrible. I texted Steven as
soon as I got home asking if we could
talk. And he came over that afternoon,
and I told him everything the police had
said. And he looked pale, like he was
just processing all of it, too. I asked
him why he'd been so set on leaving the
party, and he said he didn't know Dan,
but something about him felt off. He
couldn't explain it exactly. He said it
was just a gut feeling based on the way
Dan was acting. He was always hovering
around the girls, pushing drinks on them
and making them feel uneasy.
He didn't want to scare me at the time,
so he just said he was tired and wanted
to go. I felt a wave of gratitude wash
over me. I hugged him and thanked him. I
don't know if he realized how much he'd
done for me that night, so I was sure to
let him know. In the weeks that
followed, I kept up with the news about
Dan. And it turned out his real name
wasn't even Dan. It was like Chris or
something. And hot tub Dan was just what
people called him. The police found a
ton of evidence on his computer. Videos
he'd taken of girls at his parties. Some
of them unaware they were even being
recorded. It was disgusting. He'd been
doing this for years, throwing these big
parties, luring people in, and then
taking advantage of them. The girl from
our night wasn't the first. I felt so
angry but also so helpless.
I kept thinking about her, wondering if
she was okay and hoping that she had
people to actually support her. Dan or
Chris eventually went to trial a few
months later. I wasn't called as a
witness, but I followed the case online
and the evidence was just overwhelming,
especially the stuff on his hard drive.
He was convicted and sentenced to 10
years in prison. It felt like justice,
but it didn't erase what had happened.
And I couldn't stop thinking about how
lucky I'd been and how one decision had
actually kept me safe. And after that, I
saw Steven a lot. We started hanging out
more, and he became someone I trusted
completely. I don't know if it was the
intensity of that night or just how easy
it was to be around him, but we
obviously grew close. And I told him one
day how grateful I was for what he'd
done. He just sort of shrugged and said
he was glad that we left when we did.
That's Steven, though. Quiet, steady,
and always looking out for me. And
looking back, that night was kind of
just a blur of fun and danger. A mix of
naive excitement and a close call I'll
never forget. I still love a good night
out, obviously, but I'm more careful
now. I trust my instincts and the people
who have good ones. That night could
have changed my life in the worst
possible way, but thanks to Steven, it
didn't.
Hey friends, thanks for listening. Click
that notification bell to be alerted of
all future narrations. I release new
videos every Monday and Thursday at 9:00
p.m. Eastern time, and there are super
fun live streams every Sunday and
Wednesday night. If you got a story, be
sure to submit them over at my email,
let's readadsubmissions@gmail.com.
And you might even hear your story
featured on the next video. And if you
want to support me even more, grab early
access to all future narrations and
bonus content over on Patreon, or click
that big join button to hear about the
extra perks for members of the channel.
And check out the Let's Read podcast
where you can hear all of these stories
and big compilations located anywhere
you listen to podcasts. I also now have
a true crime channel called Saturn Soul.
All links in the description below if
you want to check it out. Thanks much,
friends. And remember, if you find
yourself in the cheese caves, be sure to
delete
my taxes.